Added : In-App Messaging docs for RN (#3783)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/in-app-messaging/js/customize.mdx

## Integrate Custom Components

> Users may provide their own In-App Messaging UI components to override the default Amplify provided UI components by utilizing the `components` prop of `InAppMessagingProvider`.

Reviewer: I think the target audience here is the customer/developer and so speaking to them about "users" might be confusing since their users are the end users of their application.
```suggestion
You may provide your own In-App Messaging UI components to override the default Amplify provided UI components by utilizing the `components` prop of `InAppMessagingProvider`.
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

import {
  InAppMessageDisplay,
  InAppMessagingProvider
} from 'aws-amplify-react-native';
import { Home } from './src/Home';

const MyBannerMessage = (props) => {
  // ...Do something with props
};

const App = () => {
  return (
    <InAppMessagingProvider components={{ BannerMessage: MyBannerMessage }}>
      <Home />
      <InAppMessageDisplay />
    </InAppMessagingProvider>
  );
};
```

Override component keys:

> - `BannerMessage` : override default message Banner UI component (top, middle, and bottom layouts)
> - `CarouselMessage` : override default message Carousel UI component
> - `FullScreenMessage` : override default message FullScreen UI component
> - `ModalMessage` : override default message Modal UI component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `BannerMessage`: override default message Banner UI component (top, middle, and bottom layouts)
- `CarouselMessage`: override default message Carousel UI component
- `FullScreenMessage`: override default message FullScreen UI component
- `ModalMessage`: override default message Modal UI component
```

<Callout informational>
  For developer preview, only the BannerMessage and FullScreenMessage UI

>   components are provided by Amplify. CarouselMessage and ModalMessage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  components are provided by Amplify. `CarouselMessage` and `ModalMessage`
```

  components must be manually provided to render Carousel and Modal layouts
</Callout>

## Integrate Custom Style

Custom component styling can be applied to the default In-App Messaging UI components by passing the `style` prop to the `InAppMessagingProvider`, these styles will take precedence over default and in-app message payload style.

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

import {
  InAppMessageDisplay,
  InAppMessagingProvider
} from 'aws-amplify-react-native';
import { Home } from './src/Home';

const myInAppMessageStyle = {
  BannerMessage: { container: { backgroundColor: 'lightgrey' } },

>   CarouselMessage: { body: { fontSize: 24 } }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  FullScreenMessage: { body: { fontSize: 24 } }
```

};

const App = () => {
  return (
    <InAppMessagingProvider style={myInAppMessageStyle}>
      <Home />
      <InAppMessageDisplay />
    </InAppMessagingProvider>
  );
};
```

> The following optional UI component style properties can be per component:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following optional UI component style properties can be applied per component:
```

- `body`: text style applied to the message body
- `closeIconButton`: view style applied to the close button
- `closeIconColor`: string color value applied to close icon
- `container`: view style to the primary container of the message component
- `header`: text style applied to the message header
- `image`: image style applied to the message image

> - `primaryButton`: view style applied to the primary message button
> - `secondaryButton`: view style applied to the secondary message button

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `primaryButton`: view (`container`) and text (`text`) style applied to the primary message button
- `secondaryButton`: view (`container`) and text (`text`) style applied to the secondary message button
```

## Advanced UI

In some use cases, you may want to forego the usage of the Amplify default UI handling altogether while still leveraging the Amplify provided In-App Messaging React context and provider component for in-app message context state. This can be achieved by wrapping your application in an `InAppMessagingProvider` and utilizing the `useInAppMessaging` hook to expose the values of the `InAppMessagingContext`.

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```
